hi welcome to my video on egg tumblers
this video is going to be for anybody
who's new to breeding and are curious
about egg tumblers how they work and
where you get them these egg tumblers
were purchased from Genco comm and these
are model number 83 and they retail for
650 each I also picked up these little
air valves and their part number
aw v1 BB and they retail for 75 cents
each so when you first get your egg
tumbler it's gonna come all assembled
like this so to hook up your airline
you're just going to want to take the
top off here take your airline feed it
through the top and hook it onto this
plastic piece here and just reinsert the
top so when you're going to add your
eggs all you want to do is take this top
piece off here these tumblers come with
a screen on the top and a screen in the
bottom so you're just going to want to
take the screen off the top put your
eggs in put the screen back on put the
top back on and you're all ready to hook
up your air so I'm just going to move
over into the fish room and I'm going to
show you these in action
all right so here the tumblers up and
running I have some abouna Frye in here
right now so you really only need to get
a gentle bounce on the eggs just enough
to keep them moving around a little bit
and like I mentioned before it is really
helpful to have these little valves
hooked up to your tumbler that way you
can adjust the air flow on each tumbler
individually and I just have these
running on a little top fin air pump
with four outputs so I can hook up four
tumblers at one time that's a pretty
decent little setup
so that's just a bit gonna wrap it up
for the video I hope this helped anybody
who was curious about the tumblers and
wanted to see how they work if you have
any comments or questions please leave
them in the comment section and if you
haven't already please don't forget to
like and subscribe thanks for watching
you